Week: 3/24-3/27 

Team Leader: Kshitij 

Team Member # 1: Avanthi 
Hours Worked: 10 hours
Tasks Completed:
Worked on the article page
Worked on article generation page
Worked on article overall view page
Next week: 
Decide on which nav side bar and implement it
Implement saved article and chatbot pages


Team Member # 2: Abel
Hours Worked: 40 hours
Finished setting up Auth.
User can now log in, sign up, and log out with no issue.
When the user logs in, instead of redirecting to /dashboard, it replaces current page with dashboard page.
If the user tries to access any page like /dashboard, /news, or any other page, they get redirected to auth page as they are not logged in.
During Sign Up, user will be prompted to input verification code which we send to their email and validate through AWS
Setup Google Search API
Created a lambda function for our Article Search
The Article Search takes in the user's query, classifies the query, searches for articles through google api, and then run a similarity search to get top 5 related articles to user's query.
Created an API in AWS API Gateway that allows me to send and receive data to the Article Search Lambda Function.
Tasks to Do:
Integrate API into frontend
Fix the Classification to work for more variety of queries while also looking for more factual and credible resources to use
Work with Issac on setting up Google Image Search API

Team Member # 3: Shaz
Hours Worked: 15 hours
Tasks Competed:
Did all front-end validation and edge cases for login and signup pages
Caught all AWS amplify console errors for login and signup pages to display them on the frontend
Figured out how to use python and Google Collab to train our AI to do document analysis over hundreds of articles
Tasks to Do:
Find more relavent datasets to train our data on
Continue training and eventually have the API and model work together


Team Member #4: Kshitij
Hours Worked: 10 hours
Tasks Completed:
Implemented an onboarding page with category selection, allowing users to save their interests.
Added localStorage support to retain user preferences across sessions.
Enhanced UI/UX with interactive category toggling and hover effects.
Integrated dynamic checkbox selection for better accessibility.
Tasks for Next Week:
Integrate API into frontend
Fix the Classification to work for more variety of queries while also looking for more factual and credible resources to use
Work with Issac on setting up Google Image Search API
Setup NewsAPI to generate live articles
Setup user data to be accessible in all pages


Team Member # 5: Isaac
Hours Worked: 10 hours
Tasks Completed: 
Set up lamda function to store saved articles into dynamo db
Set up api to search and gather images for articles (stock/ royalty free)
Tasks for next week:
Further refine and deploy image search
Integrate api's with api gateway
