Week: 2/27-3/7 

Team Leader: Avanthi 

Team Member # 1: Avanthi 
Hours Worked: 9.5 hours
Tasks Completed: 
Made final edits to the UI 
Worked on coding the frontend of the scrollable function area of the login page 
Worked on coding the returning users page
Worked on coding the new users page
Tasks for Next Week: 
Adjust the fonts appropriatley
Work on coding the registration page and explore page section

Team Member # 2: Abel
Hours Worked: 9 hours
Tasks Completed: 
Tested NewAPI and found it untrustworthy in using user query to return relevant article
Researched into looking for new API and found Google Search API to be more accurate and have more filtering options for the user
Utilized a library to help with cleaning article HTML tags and other irrelevant information from so to only retain important info
Looked into Cognito Frontend Integeration for Login. Ran into a couple issues with cognito being deprecated with Next.js but I believe I was able to find some work around to make it work
Tasks for Next Week: 
Finish linking Cognito with Frontend. Set up the login and signup connection
Connect the Article API with the database and with the AI model
Start linking the Backend with Frontend components
Research into more article cleaning and creation

Team Member # 3: Shaz
Hours Worked: 12 hours
Tasks Completed: 
Finished setting up Ollama server and Ngrok tunnel so we can access the local LLM from any network
Set up the AI stream on the Dashboard to have an input and an output
configured the output to compartmentalize the thinking process of the AI output and formatting the output into proper markdown format
Tasks for Next Week: 
Once database as been populated, figure out how to display each article on every page.
Train the model on data based on the query sent. Ex. someone searches 'tesla', it send a request to the api to get every article that mentions Tesla, and feed that to the AI and have it generate an article from that trained data.
Figure out how to display AI Generated article the same as a regular article.

Team Member # 4: Kshitij
Hours Worked: 10 hours
Tasks Completed: 
Attempted to integrate AWS Cognito but faced challenges due to the lack of native support.
Converted React elements to utilize Cognito’s native support, but it was unsuccessful.
Experimented with older Amplify documentation, but it did not work as expected.
Researched NextAuth providers as a potential solution.
After a week of troubleshooting, I am considering implementing Clerk’s API to centralize user authentication and profile management.
Looked into Docker but determined that we are not yet at a stage where bundling dependencies is necessary.
Tasks for Next Week: 
Begin integrating Clerk API for authentication.
Set up user profile management within Clerk.
Test authentication flow to ensure smooth user experience.
Document findings and challenges encountered during the implementation.

Team Member # 5: Isaac
Hours Worked: 9 hours
Tasks Completed: 
Helped troubleshoot Ollama server and helped with tunneling
Helped with  deep seek setup and integration
Worked on setting up rudimentary read and write to database from code to AWS
Tasks for Next Week: 
Use read/ write along with api to do database population
Try to connect database to Ai model
